what we're asking such a huge amount
asking students to put their education
on hold we're asking people not to
socialize in the normal way and already
we can see the impact this is having on
on the UK economy and on on business on
great great companies and so it's vital
that we in government stand behind them
when what we are asking everyone to do
is so crucial for saving literally
thousands of lives
by defeating this virus and I'm
consciousness as the days have gone by
that people we want to know how long
we're expecting them to keep it up and I
wanted to try to say something today
about how I see the timescale of this
campaign and and where we're going and
what we we need to do and I do think I'm
looking at it all that we can turn the
tide within the next 12 weeks and I'm
absolutely confident that we can send a
coronavirus packing in this country but
only if we take the steps we won't take
the steps that we have outlined and that
is vital because that is how we're going
to reduce the peak and once we've
achieved that and I think that we will
if we do take the steps that I've said
then the scientific progress that we're
making will really start to come into
play and I wanted to discuss a little
bit of that this afternoon with you
because we are rapidly becoming so much
better at understanding the the demonics
at the heart of this virus and all that
is going on in this country were getting
better at understanding the medicines
that may treat and cure it and today
we've put the first British Koroma
patient into a randomized trial for
drugs that may treat the disease UK
experts scientists expect to start trial
for the first vaccine within a month